Hello, hello. Today, I will look into the Hangul Law. The Law for Improving the Distribution Structure of Terminals, aka the Hangul Law, will be abolished in 10 years since its implementation in October 2014.,The bill was introduced to prevent overheated competition in the mobile handset distribution market and to reduce discrimination among consumers.,However, after the implementation, criticism that the marketing activities of the carrier were shrinking and the benefits that consumers could experience were reduced were steadily raised, and it was finally decided to be abolished on July 22, 2025.
If the law is repealed, the upper limit of subsidies that carriers and retailers can provide to consumers will disappear.,In addition, the carrier's monthly disclosure subsidy obligation disappears, enabling a variety of retail-oriented sales strategies.
However, provisions to prevent discrimination between consumers remain intact. Discrimination of subsidies on the basis of address, age, disability, etc. to consumers with the same conditions is still prohibited.,The optional contract discount system is also maintained, and the structure in which consumers choose to receive rate discounts without receiving disclosure subsidies remains unchanged.
The biggest change with the abolition of the law is the autonomy of the distribution market and the activation of competition. Competition between mobile carriers and retailers is likely to intensify, and consumers have the option to compare various benefits.,On the other hand, as the conditions presented by retailers have diversified, consumers have to look carefully at all conditions and make careful decisions.

As a result, the abolition of the law has a positive aspect of expanding market autonomy and increasing consumer benefits, while there is a possibility of consumer damage due to information asymmetry.,Accordingly, the government will continue to supervise unfair discrimination and false and exaggerated advertising even after the abolition of the law.,It is also important for consumers to have a habit of carefully checking the terms of the contract and comparing conditions between retailers when purchasing a cell phone.In any case, it is necessary to purchase a holy place through the Internet rather than buying at a local store.,Do you understand?

